# CyberBreak

CyberBreak is a physics based Godot 4 game with an emphasis on making your own creations. Follow the story of the aptly named CyberBreaker, as he gets recruited by Void Team's Entropy division. Discover Modules. Find the ToolTips. Break the system, or die trying. They're watching you, so show them what you're made of.


# Development Info

The Main Branch is the branch where you can build CyberBreaker in a STABLE state. All the other branches, unless specified otherwise, are in development, and are likely to have Bugs and Glitches. You can build from these branches, but be advised.


# How To Play/Build

## 0. Use a Development Build.

If I've provided a development build (In Github, releases. In Gitlab, Deploy>Releases,) you'll most likely wanna use that. These builds have been automatically generated by Github or Gitlab straight from the source code, so you'll be able to trust them.

## 1. Download Godot.

This Project uses Godot 4.1 (Which at the time of writing this, is on Release Candidate 2.) You can download Godot from [here,](https://godotengine.org/) but make sure you're downloading 4.X, Not 3.X. Don't worry about matching the version right now, there shouldn't be any problems. 

The storage requirements (for the entire project + godot) are at least 480MB (without build stuff.) Godot lets you run a project without opening the editor so you shouldn't need to download Build Stuff.

## 2. Clone this repository.

If you have git, just clone the repository. If you don't;

Download [this archive file.](https://gitlab.com/void-team/cyberbreak/-/archive/main/cyberbreak-main.zip) If you look at the link, it comes straight from the main branch.

## 3. Run/Open the project.

If you wanna Run the project;

Open Godot (after unzipping it,) select import on the right, find the file (or the project.godot file inside of the folder.) Select import&edit. If you wanna build it, move on to the next step. If you don't, close and opem Godot again, click on the the project, select Run.

## 4. Build the project.

Select Editor>Manage Export Templates>Download and Install. Wait for that to finish.

Select Project>Export. Select your platform. Select Export Project. Select Save.

